docs: Document the plugin architecture as it is today, and then document the changes (#2830)
hiero-ledger/hiero-block-node: docs/design/architecture/current-plugin-architecture.md

    SL-->>App: facility instance
    App->>SL: load(BlockNodePlugin)
    SL-->>App: [plugin1, plugin2, ..., pluginN]
    loop each plugin
        App->>P: configDataTypes()
        P-->>App: [ConfigRecord.class, ...]
    end
    App->>App: build Configuration
    App->>App: construct BlockNodeContext
    loop each plugin
        App->>P: init(context, serviceBuilder)
        P->>WS: registerHttpService / registerGrpcService
    end
    App->>WS: start()
    App->>App: load ApplicationState from disk
    loop each plugin
        App->>P: onContextUpdate(updatedContext)
    end
    loop each plugin (parallel)
        App->>P: start()
    end
```

### Messaging Architecture

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    PUB[Publisher Plugin] -->|sendBlockItems| BI[Block Items\nDisruptor]
    BI --> SUB[Subscriber Plugin]
    BI --> VER[Verification Plugin]
    BI --> N1[... Plugin N]

    VER -->|sendBlockVerification| BN[Block Notification\nDisruptor]
    STOR[Storage Plugin] -->|sendBlockPersisted| BN
    BN --> SUB2[Subscriber Plugin]
    BN --> PUB2[Publisher Plugin]
    BN --> STOR[Storage Plugin]
    BN --> N2[... Plugin N]
```

### Module Dependency Structure

> Plugins can be built internally, byt the community, or by private thirdParties.

Reviewer: Minor typos
```suggestion
Plugins can be built internally, by the community, or by private third parties.
```

Author: Corrected.

    participant App as BlockNodeApp
    participant SL as ServiceLoader
    participant P as Plugin (N)
    participant WS as Helidon WebServer

    App->>SL: load(BlockMessagingFacility)
    SL-->>App: facility instance
    App->>SL: load(BlockNodePlugin)
    SL-->>App: [plugin1, plugin2, ..., pluginN]
    loop each plugin
        App->>P: configDataTypes()
        P-->>App: [ConfigRecord.class, ...]
    end
    App->>App: build Configuration
    App->>App: construct BlockNodeContext
    loop each plugin
        App->>P: init(context, serviceBuilder)
        P->>WS: registerHttpService / registerGrpcService
    end
    App->>WS: start()
    App->>App: load ApplicationState from disk
    loop each plugin
        App->>P: onContextUpdate(updatedContext)
    end
    loop each plugin (parallel)
        App->>P: start()
    end
```

### Messaging Architecture

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    PUB[Publisher Plugin] -->|sendBlockItems| BI[Block Items\nDisruptor]
    BI --> SUB[Subscriber Plugin]
    BI --> VER[Verification Plugin]
    BI --> N1[... Plugin N]

    VER -->|sendBlockVerification| BN[Block Notification\nDisruptor]
    STOR[Storage Plugin] -->|sendBlockPersisted| BN

>     BN --> SUB2[Subscriber Plugin]

Reviewer: Should add `BN --> STOR[Storage Plugin]` here, as storage plugins depend on the verification notification for the block to be stored.

Author: Updated

    BN --> PUB2[Publisher Plugin]
    BN --> N2[... Plugin N]
```

### Module Dependency Structure

```mermaid

> flowchart TD

Reviewer: Not entirely convinced we need/want to list every plugin as that list will change frequently over time and (if we are fully successful) these will only ever represent a relatively small fraction of available plugins.
Perhaps just list general categories (i.e. "core" plugins, "community" plugins, and "private" plugins)?

Author: updated

- **Back-pressure**: A block-item handler that sleeps for 100 ms per batch reduces the observed throughput of `sendBlockItems()` to match, without deadlock or data loss.
- **No-back-pressure skip**: A `NoBackPressureBlockItemHandler` that processes slowly receives `onTooFarBehindError()` calls under sustained load without causing the publisher to block.
- **Configuration scoping**: A plugin's `@ConfigData` record is populated from its declared property keys; unrelated keys from other plugins do not affect its values.
- **Graceful shutdown**: Calling `serverHealth.shutdown(...)` results in `stop()` being called on every plugin, the web server closing, and the JVM exiting with code 0.
- **HTTP route registration**: A plugin that calls `serviceBuilder.registerHttpService("/foo", ...)` in `init()` has its handler reachable at `GET /foo` once `start()` completes.
- **gRPC route registration**: A plugin that calls `serviceBuilder.registerGrpcService(...)` has its service reachable via HTTP/2 gRPC once `start()` completes.

> - **Block provider priority**: When two `BlockProviderPlugin` implementations both have a block at number N, the provider with the higher `defaultPriority()` value is the one whose `BlockAccessor` is returned by `HistoricalBlockFacility.block(N)`.

Reviewer: These sections make sense for individual code modules, but not so much for an architecture document, as they get into details of the implementation.
They perhaps should be moved to the design document for the App module.

Author: Removed.
